hey folks my name is Nick akhdar kayak
and you are watching the hobbyking begs
free review part to the pros as usual
I'm going to start on the front with
removable nose cone which is pretty nice
for a ccd camera and yeah it would be
really nice and a good improvement for
the fpv guys like me the next thing is
the removable study landing gear with
high ground clearance the next big
improvement in my opinion is the
removable canopy you can use the buzzer
boot canopy for fpv or the normal form
canopy for line of sight flights the
next thing is the plate fuselage the big
fuselage actually on the pictures you
can see how much space is in the
fuselage this is not a fossil it's a
five-set five sev five thousand and yeah
it fits without any problems and yet
simply shows you how big the fuselage is
the skid plates are the next you can
land on the belly without problems would
without whipping off the bottom of the
fuselage because you have the nice skid
plates and here you see the biggest
improvement on the big three the wing
attachment at the previous version of
the big slam the Pixlr to the wing
attachment was ridiculous bed and was
really a problem to unscrew the screws
and it was annoying in horrible and got
everything is crap here but this mount
is pretty nice and for this reason I'm
actually thinking about to take the big
suite with me and on a mountain bike and
fly somewhere else maybe you for the
kilometers away and bring some a wide
shots back to home for you and for me
for me of course to the next thing are
the two holes on the bottom of the
fuselage for the candied whoppa choppa
you can easily put some screws into the
holes and mount candy to Appa in the
back of the fuselage are two vents to
prevent the autopilot or batteries from
overheating ventilation is always nice
the stripes on the wings for a better
visibility a nice idea but I don't know
if these tribes are really helpful
especially in my case because in most
cases i am flying between 250 and 350
meters high and in this case I believe I
can't see the stripes I can only see the
shape of the fuselage because the pig
sooie is not the biggest plane yeah but
this is only a personal thing the second
thing i really like on the wings are the
flaps they help you to catch familes and
stay a lot longer in the air
and they also help you to to start
because they increases the lift the next
thing are the hinges the hinges are
pretty good no problems so far with the
big three no problems with the Pixlr to
really nice in opposite to the hinges
for example on the wall and text I'll
see you and your ex check the videos out
on on the end of this video all videos
are linked the space for the prop is
even enough for a 9-inch pop if you
mount the small C&C parts motor mount
which I really really recommend because
the motor mount is cheap and durable and
allows you to go with within nine inch
prop up to I believe 11-inch prop the
next big improvement is the easy access
to the rear after hell yeah this for me
this this is one of the biggest
improvements believed improved wing
attachment yeah we have also asked if
what and many carbon stripes to prevent
unwanted wing wing flex and yeah pretty
nice I believe this plane will fly
really good the last thing I have to
mention is the steel / tail wheel it's
really helpful to have a stable table
for takeoff and it makes the take-off
pretty nice ok guys that's it wet was my
review please mention this review was
really a lot of work and the previous
video was a lot of work too and it would
be nice if you share my video and talk
with other people about my video
and comment and wait and subscribe to
appreciate my work it's not only done in
no time yeah it it takes some really
some hours to make all the pictures and
speak everything in my computer and cut
everything and cut the diplomatic scenes
out of the out of the video etc etc so
but that's it thanks for watching I hope
it was fun for you and bye see you next
time